We already learned how to output a list with ion list.
When we did so we actually added or we used button with an item on it.
We can do this there's nothing wrong with this.
No I want to show an alternative.
I'll use the I an item component and number a component ionic to ships with which also allows us to
create a nice item like style with a split over multiple rows and a separator in between the difference
to the button with an item is that this will not display this arrow on the right which kind of indicates
that we can tap on it and go to a separate or to a new page.
So this is the item I'll use your tool to show an alternative.
And of course I want to use it as an item component multiple times for all the favorite quotes I have.
So let's place energy forward on it and loop through all the quotes so we can say it quote of quotes.
Keep in mind quotes of course our array of favorite quotes so we'll looping through all of them and
then side of this iron item component I could play Asya age two element of course you can choose number
1 age 1 whatever style you want and in there I can simply say Well personally I'd put the offer of the
squad or who made this quote and then a paragraph with the quote itself maybe so quote text.
Let's have a look at this.
Let's see how this looks like if we load her application of course we see nothing because we have no
favorite quote.
If we now add a quote to our favorites and go back to your you see this is our quote.
Now what you also see is that if you pick a longer quote like this one first of all you see it works
fine it shows the full array but you will see that this get cut off here and this is the default behavior
of view on it too.
There's only that much space and such an item.
So it's normal that this gets cut off.
That's no issue though because I want to have those items being able to click or clickable but I also
want to make sure that they don't load a new page as we do here.
So a page we can click back.
Instead I want to show a modal so an overlay over the current page.
Which is why I didn't use button with an item because I don't want to have this arrow indicating that
we can go to a separate page.
I just want to have this like a preview here where you can tap on to learn more.
So with this we get the basic item.
Now what's missing of course is the modal.
We actually open when tapping this item.
Let's work on this next